This is Grandpa's eighty pages.
You are here. What was the original solution?
You say that, if you are confident, it means you have no eyesight.
Others look at strength.
Grandpa, this is the centenary road given to you by our two kings.
The value is high.
Okay, okay, okay, I don’t believe it anymore.
Grandpa, what our king has given us is the Lucky House.
Because it's worth three million.
I wish you are not as good as the East China Sea, with long flowing water,
What do I give to my eldest grandson?
What about your actual moments?
I send you the properties staggered
Is this how you treat grandpa?
Classic company launches serious
I never expected three games
this value
This is not the only one
Are you going to ride me to death?
I still want to live with everyone